How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?
it was really helpfull because i didnt need to read the whole file simultaniously, great gadget!.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?
Well it would basicly make me really more efficient at bug control and working together with others.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs Having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Pros:
1- I can make more logical and usefull saves.
2- I can control more efficiently the amount of versions i have.

Cons:
1- If my computer suffer's a problem while i was coding and i didnt commit. i might lose my work from the last commit up to that point.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Well because Git was made for code oriented files and its a plus for us to save snapshots of all the files involved in the project to track down more efficiently a bug and repair it, its like a 100% accurate view to the past.

In other hand google docs doesn't need this because each file of google docs in an independent project by itself and it doesnt relate or depend on other files to work.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Well with git log i can see all the commits made in the repository with time, and with the git diff i can see a more in depth look at each one to compare the changes made from one commit to the other.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
This is Magic!!, i can now modify stuff without worrying about doing logical changes because, when i commit i will have a totally working version and then another one with the changes i made so i can find my errors more quickly i love this lol.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?
I would like to start making all my proyects including version control so i can adapt and fully enjoy all the pros it offers me.